# Albatross Carrier Gallahad // Late 5013u, Near Lightspeed

After years of training and conditioning, you've all done it: you're now fully-fledged **loyal wings**, lengedary pilots of **the Albatross**. In time, you will be assigned young petrels of your own to mentor, but that comes later. For now, you have a mission.

A civil war has broken out in the Shinzak system, on the Atlas line. You are en-route to reinforce the patrol group there, and to help them establish and protect green zones for civilians to evacuate to. It isn't the place of the Albatross to intervene in such matters; when you're not answering distress calls, your job is simply to try and reduce the catastrophic death toll of events like these.

It's a long journey from the blink gate to your destination, but you're ready to fight to defend life and dignity.

# Albatross Carrier Gallahad // Early 5014u, Near Lightspeed

You've been training tirelessly since your induction as a Wing, but for now, you sit in one of the Gallahad's many briefing rooms, with **Wing Captain Annosov**. She explains that they've recieved a missive from Union. The administrator who oversees this region of space has asked your battlegroup to answer a distress call from a planet called **Hercynia**, in the nearby Ardennes system, where a recent colony has been under attack by an unknown adversary. As the closest Union asset to the colony, your battlegroup is in the best position to help.

While the Albatross would normally respond to such a threat in force, the battlegroup already has it's urgent mission in Shinzak, and cannot spare the time to divert and investigate, nor the resources to split the group. Captain Annosov has decided to send the three of you in a shuttle to the surface, as an advance force to defend the settlement until the battlegroup can complete it's mission and return to relieve them.

She relays the following information from Union Administration:
* Union’s imperative dictates that you treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
* The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of Smith-Shimano Corpro. You are to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present your credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
* Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. You should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

# Albatross Shuttle Carrier // 3.18.5014u

FlightComm reports an excessive amount of signal cruft coming off the planet as you descend, but you expected that from the Union reports. You see the emerald-green of the planet below through the shuttle's tiny porthole, marbled with masses of white clouds; it's monsoon season, it seems. You lay back and try to relax as the shuttle starts to hit the upper fringes of the atmosphere, sending the hull of the shuttle shaking and kissing the porthole with tounges of fiery red entry plasma.

The turbulence grows stronger as the shuttle descends deeper, into thicker air. 
